What does a guy who's want KMAX now in this video will be working up for the shipping tab OK.
So first of all we have the shipping zone.
We have the shipping options and then we have the shipping classes.
OK.
So if someone is Pakistan in Pakistan and then we will apply him a flat rate.
And if someone is not in Pakistan and is from any other country or ship do that we selected in the general
tab OK then we will be charging in a different flat rate OK.
So if we just come here and then we hit at a trade now.
OK.
And then you can see that if someone in Pakistan may charge him a flat rate I just come here and I just
sit there and I can see that we're charging him a dollar ten.
So this is taxable as well.
OK.
So this is what I mean exactly.
If I just go back and then I gunas shipping options right here.
OK.
And then here you can see.
First let's discuss it.
Let's discuss the shipping classes because you already knew about it.
That if someone is not in Pakistan then we will charge them $50 and if someone is in Pakistan then we
will charge in Pakistan $10.
OK.
So this is what I mean Cinelli go ahead and let's just work with these shipping options.
Shipping classes swimming classes are mean that the more shipping costs that they can get.
So let's just come here and again see the calculations enable the shipping calculator on the card bage
high shipping cost until an address is entered.
So when we go to the proceed to check out.
And until the address is entered the shipping cost will not be appearing.
But I would not recommend you to do that.
Make sure that you add the shipping rate okay in here so that if someone wants to buy it he will buy
it and if someone doesn't want to buy it and he'd be like oh my god they're charging the shipping rate
as well.
I don't want to buy them.
OK.
So there are some customers like that.
So let's just go ahead let's just come here and you can see I'll make sure to just uncheck this and
make sure that this is not checked.
Now we have the shipping destination default to customers shipping address default to customer billing
address for shipping to the customer billing address.
OK.
So this means that if only the person who was buying He should only ship to his own country he should
not ship to a different shipping country make sure that you select like to default to billing address.
If someone wants an address to be shipped to any other country then he can check the option in the check
out page.
OK so if I just click here and I just move to the check out page pay and then he or I have to enter
that information so then this will be an option if I click here then only I can ship to a different
address so make sure that this is selected because this is normal.
If you selected then the person also has to enter the shipping rates the billing records and so much.
And this will create a whole lot of things so make sure that you ask your customer not so much but a
little bit less.
OK.
So you're asking the first name company name country address and phone number that's all.
So then we have debug mode enable shipping debug mode to show matching shipping zones and do bypass
the shipping raid cache.
So this means that if you want to debug something or something like that then you can unable to debug
mode.
But don't don't just work with this.
This is not much important.
OK.
So I only have the shipping classes right here.
Now this is interesting.
OK.
What is this.
Let's just bring them out here and anti-shipping classes can be used to create products of similar types
and can be used by some shipping method such as flat trade to provide different trades to different
classes of products.
OK.
What I mean basically if we want to ship a cell phone and if we want to ship a piece of paper.
OK then first cell phone is dead cell phones are expensive and we should invest in a bit of shipping.
And if you want to sell a piece of paper then I don't think so.
That doesn't really matter if it doesn't get shipped or if gets harmed or something like that then who
cares about the insurance and something like that.
So this mean exactly.
Then you can sign the shipping classes.
So if you want to sell a cell phone or something like that then there should be something like that.
So if I want to add a shipping class name OK and that is going to be like if someone buy expensive expensive
products OK and then lighted and shipping class.
OK.
And if someone buy med. products then this.
OK so we have expensive products and then we have this so it's safe shipping classes.
OK.
Now let me show you how this is going to work.
Let's just go to shipping zones.
OK.
And let's just come here to Pakistan.
And if someone is buying expensive shipping products OK.
If someone is buying the expensive shipping products then the expensive shipping cost is going to be
this.
Plus this.
OK.
So we will charge him extra $50.
And if someone is buying medium priced products like if someone is buying shirts then we will charge
him $20 because sures also are expensive and something like that.
But they are in the medium category.
So you can I say you can just leave that if a product is between $5000 to $10000 and will charge you
an extra $50.
And if a product is being $100 do thousand dollars to me all charge and $20 so this can be like the
thing to them we have no shipping cost cost.
OK.
This is like enter cost or some dissa mean that if no shipping class is added OK.
If nothing is the class and the product then the fee how much we want to add.
So we want to add nothing.
OK.
Only this will be added.
So then we have calculation type per class per order charge shipping for the most expensive shipping
class.
OK.
So then we have this right here and then we have charged shipping for each shipping class individually.
Obviously this one should be here so that if we have two phones right here and then we would charge
him $50.
So this is me like four phones and something like that.
So let's just save changes right here and there we go.
Now what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here and make sure that everything is safe.
Now let's come here and let's go back to our site I just opened this up in the view card and you can
see that we are just adding this flattery.
OK.
Nothing is at it.
If I just go to edit page.
OK.
And this if this is product is so much expensive then enter another.
I want to open this product tray here.
OK.
And since Let's suppose that this product is so expensive like this product just for two fifty dollars
OK or $25000 then in the shipping tab I want to select the shipping class so I want to select the shipping
class to be expensive that this will come under expensive.
So if this product I have chosen that this product is expensive and person has to pay more $50 OK then
what will happen if I go to View product right now and then I go to the card base right here and then
I click here
Bukhari then you can see that if I come here and I hit update totals OK I have to do it.
I have to just remove it from here and then I have to return to shop to cart.
Let's see if we have updated the product.
I think that we haven't updated the product from there let's just say update added product.
Let's just go down.
Let's just go to shipping right here.
And expensive is selected.
Ok cool.
I'm going to come here and you can see that if I just open up my car.
Great here.
So just coming like this.
I entered the pass.
This right here and you can see that on entering this my shipping rate my postal code you can see that
this is costing me $60 because I have chosen the class and that is $50.
OK.
So $50 is being added.
And also the shipping cost is being added toward this mean that if I just come here and you can see
first this will be added.
This is the most important of all this will be added Whether you buy anything whether you buy the most
expensive thing whether you buy a normal thing whether you buy a medium thing.
This will be added.
But if you are buying a most expensive thing then extra $50 will be added to.
This is what I mean exactly in the car.
You can see that the $10 is already added because I mean I'm buying something I don't I'm in Pakistan
OK and I am also buying the expensive product.
OK.
That is why the $50 extra that is being added.
So this is I mean exactly.
OK so this is how you can create the classes for it like that for a mobile phone you can have the mobile
phone cost.
And for mobile phone you can cost them more and like expensive and something like that.
OK.
So let's just go back to the shipping zones.
And time like this you can also just manage this one right here.
Hey you come here you just sit at it.
And then the for expensive you're going to charge them $150.
And for medium you're going to charge them a hundred bucks.
So it's going to be like 50 plus 150 that it will be 200.
Let's just save let's just come here and let's select to Norway of they totaled.
And here we go.
This is what I said.
OK.
So this guy is not from Pakistan and this guy is also under the postal code.
And you can see that this clause that has been added in here is expensive products.
That is why we are offering to him that.
OK.
So let's just come here and let's just remove the clause and when we have removed the class OK let's
just come here.
Let's just come here and let's like the medium product so if it is a medium product and then we will
charge him a hundred bucks.
So let's just get to here and let's just come here and you can see that in the card in the card if I
just come here I just hit a card tray here and he can see we should charge him 150.
So because we have changed the clause we have changed the clause to be medium how it is applying.
If I just come here I hit this link and see 100 is being applying for medium products and 50 is the
cost that is the main cost.
OK.
So seemed like this I can just come here a Can I just remove the class from here.
OK let's from here to shipping let's just remove the class Ok let's come here and let's it update so
far no shipping class no shipping class cost is zero.
So only 15 will be applied.
OK let's come here.
Let's see I'm here and let's search for this.
OK.
This is still 150 Let's come here and let's rephrase this.
You can see only 50.
Will be right here because we haven't assigned any class right here.
This is the normal product.
OK.
So this is how the shipping works and this works pretty well.
That is why most people use this and most people do not know that this is how these type of shipping
classes work.
OK so now he does that.
That is why I told you to please concentrate and please do not miss this section because this section
is the basis of everything OK.
You have to understand this and then so there will be no confusions later on.
OK.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
In the next video we will be breaking up with the check out Deb..
So stay tuned.
And Bobby.